feat(menu-dropdown): rh-menu-dropdown element (#2626)
RedHat-UX/red-hat-design-system: .changeset/social-lizards-stop.md

---
"@rhds/elements": minor
---

✨ Added `<rh-menu-dropdown>`.

`<rh-menu-dropdown>` is a UI component designed for presenting a set of related actions or commands. It consists of two parts: a menu toggle, which users interact with to open or close the menu, and a menu list that contains actionable items. When opened, it behaves similarly to menus found in desktop applications—offering users a compact, keyboard-accessible way to perform tasks or invoke functions without occupying significant screen space.

```html
<rh-menu-dropdown>
  <span slot='label'>Basic toggle</span>
  <rh-menu-item>Action</rh-menu-item>
  <rh-menu-item href="#">Link</rh-menu-item>
  <rh-menu-item disabled>Disabled Action</rh-menu-item>
  <rh-menu-item disabled href="#">Disabled link</rh-menu-item>
  <rh-menu-item disabled>Aria-disabled link</rh-menu-item>
  <hr/>
  <rh-menu-item>Separated action</rh-menu-item>
  <rh-menu-item href="#">Separated link</rh-menu-item>

> </rh-menu-dropdown>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<rh-menu-dropdown>
  <span slot="toggle-label">Basic toggle</span>
  <rh-menu-item>Action one</rh-menu-item>
  <rh-menu-item>Action two</rh-menu-item>
  <rh-menu-item>Action three</rh-menu-item>
  <rh-menu-item disabled>Disabled Action</rh-menu-item>
  <hr>
  <rh-menu-item>Separated action</rh-menu-item>
</rh-menu-dropdown>
```

---
"@rhds/elements": minor
---

✨ Added `<rh-menu-dropdown>`.

> The menu dropdown is a UI component made up of two parts: a menu toggle and a menu list. The toggle is the element users interact with to open or close the dropdown. When opened, it reveals the menu list, a compact set of options that can trigger actions or navigate to different pages. It's a clean and efficient way to present multiple choices without taking up much space on the screen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`<rh-menu-dropdown>` is a UI component designed for presenting a set of related actions or commands. It consists of two parts: a menu toggle, which users interact with to open or close the menu, and a menu list that contains actionable items. When opened, it behaves similarly to menus found in desktop applications—offering users a compact, keyboard-accessible way to perform tasks or invoke functions without occupying significant screen space.
```
